There are 10 '0s' in 5000 crores.
Your brother will need a lifetime
to return that kind of money.
Tell him to spend 5-years
behind bars instead.
It'll be over before he knows it.
Why return them when he didn't take it?
Where are these 5000 crores?
Did you find them?
Look, sir,
I think he shouldn't go to jail at all.
Your brother has changed
the entire scenario of the city.
But look...
It's all too clear.
We won't go to jail at any cost.
Whatever it takes.
We've more money than God.
Even you know
that it's no longer in our control.
- We've orders from the top.
- The top?
Where were you two a year ago?
Go tell your superiors
that Hemant is above all.
Viren... think about your family.
Your wife and kids...
He is speaking calculatively.
If you guys don't have decent offer
then at least give
a decent piece of advice.
'At the stroke of the midnight hour,
when the world sleeps'
'India will awake to light and freedom.'
'India woke up to a mixed economy.'
'The landlord system was abolished.'
'Then, to abolish poverty
private banks were nationalised.'
In fact, even the newspapers were saying
that India is on
the verge of bankruptcy.
And foreign reserves are depleting.
The government started
selling RBI's gold secretly.
And India
was on the verge of bankruptcy.
The country was poor
maybe it had poorer ideologies.
But as soon as the economy opened up
a small tip gave a man
some pretty big ideas.
His ideas had flourished
even before him.
Greetings, Mr. Hemant.
Hi, Mr. Baldev! How are you?
Thank you very much.
What for?
Taking such good care of my child.
But today is his last day here.
I am moving him to Doon School.
- Doon School?
- Yes.
- Straight to Doon School.
That's quite a leap, Mr. Baldev.
Imagine, I won the jackpot.
- What jackpot?
- Stock market.
I've been investing
for the past 15-years now.
But never made any good profit.
But last week a broker
gave me a very nice tip.
Bombay Textile is going to give
strong financial results in two weeks.
And the Singhanias want the broker
to buy one million shares.
Starting now.
So that prices increase
when the results are declared.
It's pretty simple, Mr. Hemant.
I'll buy 20,000 shares
at the rate of 24 rupees.
And the broker's told me
that once the results are declared
the rate of my shares will
increase from 24 to 50 rupees.
Imagine...
520,000...
Yes. Profit!
Sir, don't take
Mr. Baldev's tip so seriously.
Never interrupt a man
when he's aiming for the top.
Do one thing...
Find me
the Bombay Textile's Annual report.
Yes, sir.
Let's go.
Priya.
- Priya. Hurry up, Priya.
- Yes, dad. I am coming.
Which beer did you get this time?
Thunderpunch.
Don't call it a beer.
- Let's put a quarter of whiskey in it.
- Yeah! How are you?
And next morning, full hangover.
Just add water.
- Don't speak nonsense.
- You are speaking nonsense.
In our budget,
whatever we buy will give us hangover.
Listen, I'll arrange
a meeting with her today.
You two have been watching each other
from a distance for a year now.
- This meeting will happen today.
- Hey...
I even said it's your birthday.
Don't be upset and spoil our mood
if she refused to come over.
There you go, Viren. Let's start.
It's too late now.
He's going to sulk over Priya's denial.
Pour some more.
Hi...
Beer? Goldspot.
Out here?
Cheers.
You're not drinking.
You don't know about his tantrums.
He...
I will drink.
Only when the best quality is available.
"Happy birthday to you."
You have
the world's best brother and friend.
I know, but how do you know this?
Who else would arrange for a fake
birthday party in such a short time?
And you can't have
two birthdays in 7 months.
Aunt had come over to give sweets.
Look Hemant, I don't want
to give you any wrong indication.
I like you.
But...
My mom and dad are looking
for a husband for me.
And they even have a checklist.
What?
Meaning they have some conditions.
Like the guy should own a car,
a proper job
and most importantly
he shouldn't be living in a rented home.
He should have a home of his own.
And I've none.
I don't believe in their conditions
but I can't go against them.
What are you looking at?
Hemant. Hemant.
- Those guys are beating up Viren again.
- What?
- Move. Move back. Come on.
- Get aside.
- Let me through. This is my home.
- Where are you going?
- What are you doing?
- One minute. One miinute.
- Let's just talk.
Why are you beating me? - Stop.
- Leave me.
- What are you doing?
- Let Viren go.
- Save me.
Who are you?
I... I am his older brother.
Better explain to your brother
when he borrows money from the market,
he should return it on time.
What did you think?
Hey...
Talk to me. Don't hit me.
I said talk to me.
He thinks if he doesn't answer my calls,
I'll lay off him.
What is he talking about? What money?
Brother, I got a tip...
150,000 rupees.
With interest, it amounts to 200,000!
I invested the money
in the stock market and lost everything.
- Hey...
- Let's talk.
Listen. Listen.
You'll get your money.
I assure you, just let him go.
2 weeks... 200,000...
Otherwise...
You'll get it.
- The entire amount?
- Please leave.
- Let's go.
- Get lost.
Which company did
you invest your money in?
How do I say?
Two guys came to me with an
idea of setting up a beer factory.
Basically,
it turned out to be a bogus company.
Can I help?
No.
I'll handle it.
- It's not possible, Mr. Hemant.
- No, no Ashok, within a year.
Come on Hemant,
if it was just 5000 or 10000...
I can give you 60,000 for this.
And 6 months.
To get released.
One lakh. Time 10 months.
I can't win in negotiation.
80,000?
- Viren!
- Yes, brother.
Do one thing.
Buy 5000 shares of Bombay Textiles.
Immediately.
I visit Shirdi, stand in the queue
for 5-hours, pray for my children
and what do my children do?
Sell my jewellery.
No mom, we didn't sell.
It's an investment.
Shut up! You've always been greedy.
But you're the smarter one, Hemant.
That's why I planned
this investment, mom.
Nonsense...
Brother what was your plan
behind this investment.
I got a tip,
I took a gamble and got screwed.
You also did the same thing.
There's a big difference
between a fluke and placing a bet.
I planned this carefully, gathered
information, before making this bet.
What you did was a fluke.
Bombay Textile is an enormous company.
They are financially strong.
They're planning for an expansion.
Their share prices will rise for sure.
You just wait and watch.
But when?
It's been five days,
and there is no hike at all.
- It will.
- But when?
I said it will.
It will just watch.
- Did it rise?
- "This is a story I want everyone to see."
"Watch as I crank up the jealousy."
"This is a story
I want everyone to see."
"Because their mouths I've got to feed."
"They don't know how hard I strived."
"I was willing... to agree to it all."
"All my life, they made me shed tears."
"Everything I earned they took a share."
"Even with teary eyes,
I kept their business going."
"And yet they sidelined me."
"It's all their treachery."
"Their trickery."
"They hurt the entire country."
"They think I am a saint."
You're not from the stock market
and yet you took such a great leap.
"Watch me closely,
I am the shackle holding you down."
"Abusing in English sounds cool"
"and my abusing makes
me sound like a fool."
"These fools fill up the pool."
"You may be the principal,
but I am the whole school."
'As expected the price of
Bombay Textile's shares hiked.'
'300,000 in two weeks.'
'I hadn't made this huge amount
of money in three-years of my job.'
[chanting prayers]
Viren, wake up. Come on, wake up.
Viren. How does one
become a stockbroker?
- I want to be one.
- What are you saying?
Stockbroker. Wake up.
We made money from a tip that
comes once in a couple of years.
We were lucky.
It's a stressful job.
I am thinking of quitting.
Only those with a habit of
winning become winners, understand.
And you're talking about quitting.
Whose quitting what?
Shoes...
Nothing. Leave it.
Give it.
I want to be a stockbroker, and
he's talking about quitting the market.
This is our opportunity
to make a fortune
but he's being a wimp.
Wait a second.
You can't become a stockbroker easily.
You'll need a lot of money for that.
You'll need connections
with renowned businessmen.
And no one will let you
inside the ring like this.
I am done doing simple jobs.
Mom, please make him understand.
He's lost his mind.
Hemant. Hemant.
Hemant.
Move. Move. Let me do it.
Listen, son,
such miracles won't happen every day.
People call the stock market
a gamble ground.
Try to understand.
This family runs on your earnings.
Without that...
Mom, it wasn't a fluke, please.
I took advantage of the information.
Advantage...
And information can be obtained...
Last time I did it
because I was helpless.
This time I'll do it,
so we're never helpless again.
Try to understand.
But, listen...
I've done 6 jobs in 14-years.
And what do we have?
Priya is on the verge of getting married
and this is my opportunity
to make a fortune.
Don't worry. You won't regret it.
- Hemant.
- Yeah...
Let's go, we're getting late for office.
Mom, did you make him understand?
You won't quit the share market.
You will support Hemant. He needs you.
So, he made you understand.
If brother can perform
such a miracle again
then we will be sorted for life.
You think, he can't do it.
No.
I am scared that he'll do it again.
- Where to?
- Inside.
You can't go in. Come on.
And then he won't stop.
- Brother.
- "Rich are happy"
- "because poor are on sale."
- Get aside. Come on.
"Whose fault is it?
And who goes to jail."
"Do you wanna be a Cheetah?
Or just a Snail."
"I'm helpless
because my plates never full."
- "The society will think"
- 300 rupees...
"my deeds are shameful."
- "I'll alone pull the weights."
- I'll order the tea and come.
"Remember,
I am the one and only Big Bull."
"Let's go."
"This is a story
I want everyone to see."
"Watch as I crank up the jealousy."
Which treasure is he searching for,
in this scrap shop?
"I've to satiate their hunger too..."
"This is a story
I want everyone to see."
"Watch as I crank up the jealousy."
If fate had favoured me,
and I had more contacts
I could've taken this city to the sky.
A real man makes his own destiny.
I will.
And soon.
We'll have a grand wedding.
You've big dreams, Hemant.
I like it.
But I can't wait
for you to fulfill them.
Before taking this city to the sky
I want you to be
worthy enough to ask for me.
We do all the work,
and Kantilal takes half the share.
We'll have to get out of this small
world of sub-broking and be bigger.
We'll have to take
the membership of BSE.
Are you joking?
Your idea is great.
But the fee for BSE's membership
is one million rupees.
We get only 500-1000 rupees.
We make 12,000 in a month.
Let's go.
The market is unpredictable. Got it?
Kanti bhai, here's your cheque for 50%
Okay.
Hemant, bring me a big tip.
Giving me 50% out of every deal
will get you nowhere.
Understood.
What to do?
My father didn't leave
behind a broker's card for me.
We've to settle the accounts
with Rajesh as well.
Kanti bhai...
Be careful.
You don't know what to say...
Rajesh, please settle our accounts.
Hey, what are you doing, sir?
- Viren. Let's go.
- Yes.
- Where?
- I said, let's go.
At least tell me
what you read in the newspaper
that we're going to visit
this big Union Leader.
Premier auto vehicles are in demand
there is 6 months
of waiting for a vehicle.
Will he get us
a dealership of the vehicles?
The company is increasing
production to meet the demand.
This means the share price
is going to rise.
But why are we in such a hurry?
Rana Sawant has instructed the company
to fulfill the demands of the workers
or else he will get down to strike.
What is it to us?
I want to know whether
he's actually going on a strike
or just a baseless threat?
We're average people.
How can we question him?
Raju, does Sawant carry a gun?
Not just him,
even his dozen bodyguards carry guns.
And that too imported ones.
Brother, I am not going. You go.
You want the nectar
but not willing to churn the ocean.
I don't want to die.
I am scared. You go alone.
- Come on.
- What are you doing?
Let's go. Let's go.
Hello, boss.
Wait.
Does this look like a carnival to you?
Who is the boss?
He's the boss.
Only the boss can meet the boss, okay.
You sit here. Come on. Sit.
Let's go.
- Is everything safe inside?
- Yes.
You have five minutes.
I am a broker,
here to talk about your profit.
I don't treat people
who lie to us about our benefits.
I am not big enough yet to risk my life.
Look.
You fulfill the needs of workers
so is me for the middle class people.
What help do you want from us?
I am here to help you.
You have 2300 workers
at the Premier Auto Plant.
A week's strike means
350,000 in expense...
which I can give you.
You'll give me 350,000 rupees.
Have you seen your condition?
Two things are considered
important in life.
Water and Gold.
A person cannot survive without water.
And Gold...
Gold can't be used
for man's daily needs.
Yet the rate of gold
is higher than water.
Come to the point.
I'll build my value like gold.
10,000...
I can turn it into Ten lakh rupees
if you help me.
Why would I have any connection
with a man who talks about turning
10,000 rupees to Ten lakh rupees?
Why should I trust you?
Because the risk is on me. Not you.
This 10,000 is my life's earnings.
You just have to give me one
information, and you'll lose nothing.
But if I can't take
advantage of that information
then I am finished.
What information do you want?
When and which plant will you call
for a strike and when will you end it?
"Do you know where money belongs?"
"Consider it a sin
or consider it a blessing."
"Makes and breaks lives overnight."
"Fill your pockets or make wealth."
"Do you want to change
to system or blame it?"
"Do you want to catch me or my game?"
"I am the bull you can never tame."
"Their hands move
when at me they take aim."
"The poor are silent
because the rich get's easy bail."
"Rich are happy
because poor are on sale."
"Whose fault is it?
And who goes to jail."
"Do you wanna be a Cheetah?
Or just a Snail."
"I'm helpless
because my plates never full."
"The society will think
my deeds are shameful."
"I'll alone pull the weights."
"Remember,
I am the one and only Big Bull."
- Thank you.
- Yes, sir.
So you want to be a broker.
You do know
what it takes to get this card.
Yes.
It comes with great responsibility.
Yes, I know.
We know too.
I know what you're doing
with Premier Auto.
What are we doing, sir?
Just making some money, that's it.
Making money, huh.
Shall I let you in on a secret?
You're investing in the market
by gathering secret information
it's called Insider Trading.
You're lucky this law
doesn't exist in India yet.
If this was America,
you would be behind bars.
There's still time.
Mend your ways. Got it?
You bring the law
we'll stop doing it.
What a stare you gave that Mannu.
He was scared.
Give him the stare is not my motive.
Watch what I do next.
Listen, our new office...
- What happened, man?
- Rana Sawant got murdered.
Run for your lives.
The riot is going on.
'Rana Sawant's murder wasn't
the first shock for Hemant.'
'But it prepared Hemant for the ups and
downs of the market, as well as life.'
'Today, in Hemant Shah's
case a big news will be disclosed.'
Sir...
- Sir...
- One question, sir. Please.
One at a time.
Ask your questions one by one, please.
Mr. Ashok,
why do you think you're here?
I came to have a drink at the bar.
Will you join me?
Such stupid questions
deserve stupid answers. Next.
- Sir!
- Yes.
As Hemant's lawyer,
what is your opinion on everything
that transpired in the last six months?
It's very unfair to him. That's it.
- Sir.
- Yes.
What big expose will happen
at the press conference today?
Please give us a hint.
Look, when Hemant is
involved expect something big.
But let me tell you, this time
there's going to be an explosion.
- Explosion?
- Yes.
Be prepared for it.
- That's all for now. Thank you.
- Sir...
Have you thought this through?
We should've got married
instead of getting the membership.
We've only 17,000 rupees in the bank.
Do I pay the office rent or salaries?
Will you ever say anything positive?
We've a BR worth 40 lakh Rupees.
Venkateshwar is the head
of securities and trading.
I am sure it's going
to be something big.
I was supposed to go
watch a film with Tara.
Come with me quietly.
And you can watch movies on the
VCR with Tara for the rest of your life.
- Does Venkateshwar sell VCRs too?
- Keep quiet.
Why did you stop here?
The bank is much further ahead.
We'll take a cab from here.
What for?
We're brokers.
We've a membership worth Ten lakh rupees
but they don't know that we're broke.
Fix your shirt.
Taxi!
Hari... sent this.
Look Hemant and Viren.
The banking system has formed a new law.
We're investing
our surplus funds with other banks
but now those transactions
can only be done through a broker.
So every bank
has to invest its surplus fund
and through a broker.
Yes. It's an investment between banks.
So the government wants brokers
to make a small fortune too.
Why not?
Look... if a bank needs money
those banks with surplus funds
will lend it to them.
For a short term,
and charge interest of course.
Now they can't give security every day.
Right.
That's why the borrower bank...
The bank that's borrowing the money
will issue a BR like this.
We call it a Bank Receipt.
I am issuing you
a pay order today of four million.
In your name, against this BR.
Two weeks later Bank of Satara will
return this four million with interest
and you'll transfer that money
to our bank from your account.
Then we'll return
this Bank Receipt to you.
For the settlement
and reconciliation of the Bank of Satara.
Understood.
For this,
we'll pay you a commission of 0.01%
- 0.01%
- Yes.
Something big, as you said.
We'll get 400 rupees as commission.
Our lives are changed.
Look, we're giving you
a cheque of 40 lakh rupees today.
Tomorrow it could be 40 crores also.
The transaction between
the banks will increase every day.
And our banks always have surplus funds.
You can get a cheque daily
from our bank or maybe another.
Good luck.
0.01%
Something big, you said.
I've a cheque for forty lakh rupees.
It's any day more than one million.
Look, one needs money
to start any business.
This is that money.
I don't have time to
arrange for working capital.
You know,
I don't know how to tread slow.
Stop trying to be funny.
This money belongs to the bank, not you.
It's mine for two weeks.
Using someone else's
money as our working capital.
It's risky.
Show me any business
that doesn't involve risk.
If there is one,
let's quit all this and take that up.
Okay?
- Look, the bank's not going
to give us a loan. - Yes.
But we can keep this money as a loan.
Wow... it's awesome.
It's my first gift to you.
Don't make it the last
by saying it as the best.
Hemant, I cannot accept this.
Priya.
Go downstairs.
What's in it? Open it?
How much is it worth?
10,000.
Why are you wasting money?
Look Hemant,
I don't want to see my daughter
living in these quarters
for the rest of her life.
Priya knows only one Hemant,
I've seen a dozen.
If you were in any other business,
then maybe I would've thought about
when you'll buy home and a car.
But a broker...
Is a broker only, right?
And don't make a scene
at Priya's wedding.
Take it back.
That forty lakhs belong to the bank.
We can't do what you're thinking.
Listen!
Even that amount is too less now.
I want 2 crore rupees.
2 crores?
Priya only got engaged.
The wedding is six months away.
[indistinct chatter]
What happened?
Speak up. Stop seeking attention.
I am going to lose my job.
And might even go to jail.
Why?
I sanctioned a loan for 30 lakh rupees
to a guy against a property.
Now he's disappeared.
I don't know what to do.
Do something, Hemant.
I can't think of anything.
I want 30 lakhs at any cost.
What's going on here?
He wants 2 crores, you want 30 lakhs.
We don't have enough money
to pay the staff's salary.
We've turned off the AC
to save on electricity bill.
What do I do?
You tell me what to do? Go to jail?
Talk to your seniors.
No one's going to understand,
Viren, just like you.
Listen... Hey!
I said listen...
You know about our condition as well.
Have faith.
We'll think of something.
We'll come up with something.
Forget it, Viren.
Viren sir.
Hemant sir's calling him back.
Hari, issue me a BR tomorrow
for 2 crore rupees in the name of NBI.
Leave it me to me on how
to get it approved by Venkateshwar.
When I turn that 2 crores into 3 crores
you will get 30 lakh rupees.
What?
Wait a second. Wait a second.
Fake BR worth 2 crores?
Look... remember Premier Auto.
Yes.
Imagine if we had
2 crore rupees back then
where could that have taken us?
Hemant,
what you're asking for is too big.
Bigger than going to jail?
Listen, you'll be going to jail
for two-years for this loan case.
If you get caught for issuing fake BR,
you'll be jailed for 5-years.
In any case, you're going to jail.
I am taking all the risk.
Imagine what if you don't get caught?
Then you're free.
And I'll be a millionaire.
Think about it.
I'll give you until tomorrow morning.
- Sir, Mr. Jayesh...
- Call him.
Okay.
- Give the keys.
- Jayesh bhai, we have to buy 5000.
Go to your cabin. I am coming.
- Tell me, everthing after coming.
- Okay.
You were supposed to go to Rawat
Consultant's office. What happened?
Will 2 crores turn into 3 crore rupees?
We don't even have 2 crore yet.
I'll make it 3 crore...
- Yes?
- Sir, can't get through.
I called at their office, but the
NCC guy says we can't talk to the MD.
He's very busy.
You can meet him only next month.
- Can I go, sir?
- Okay.
Why do you want to meet NCC's MD?
Look, our country is going
through a sensitive phase.
The new government is opening up
its market for new business.
Now foreign countries will invest here.
The law of business is
the same as that of the sea.
The big fish will swallow
small fishes like NCC.
If I can explain this to the NCC's MD
then I will turn this
2 crores into 5 crores.
Hello.
Yeah, just a minute. Hari.
Yeah, Hari.
Okay.
- Venkateshwar sir, greetings.
- Hemant, how are you?
Please, take a seat.
- So, you'll have tea?
- Yeah.
So how does the market...
Please.
Please... tell me.
Yeah.
20 lakhs, 30 lakhs...
35 lakhs!
2 crores.
2 crores...
What is this?
I don't think you remember.
To save you from your wife's temper.
Happy Wedding Anniversary.
Oh my...
All this. Please...
Well, thank you so much.
You remembered my anniversary.
Well, I'll make pay orders
against all these BRs.
Please. Have tea. Okay?
Hello. The job's done.
Half!
The rest lies in your hands, Hemant.
Your job isn't done yet.
You'll have to give me
BR's worth 20 and 50 million now.
There's no stopping now, Hari.
Hello. You asked me to call back at 3.
Sir, I told you to call back
on the 3rd... of next month.
Is he so busy that he can't spare
five minutes to make 5 crore rupees?
- Hello!
- Buy 5000 shares of NCC.
The rate's 300, buy it at 320.
Yes, Viren. Okay.
NCC. NCC... buy 20.
74...
Buy 40.
NCC. NCC... buy 30.
- Buy 50...
- Buy 60.
Buy NCC shares at a rate of 340.
500...
Did see the rate of NCC's
shares is at an all-time high.
'Huge spike in the stock market.'
'Price of NCC's shares
jumped from 300 to 500.'
Sir. We just a call from NCC.
Their MD wants to meet you immediately.
- I'm here to meet, Mr. Singh.
- Yes.
This way, please.
What do you see in this painting?
They look expensive to me. All of them.
They look expensive to me.
You didn't see the texture
or the light-shadow play,
or the colour choice.
Just the price tag.
My guess about you was right.
You're just a broker
who wants to meet me.
We can never be equal
then why are you trying to equal me?
Why are you after my shares?
Because...
Even though your company
is the market leader in cement
it's far too undervalued.
Meaning?
Something wrong with my
financials or something else...
None of that.
Your company's value is 100 crores.
But according to me,
it's worth 900 crores.
Because if someone wants
to set up a company like NCC today
then he'll need an
investment of 300 crores.
Three times more.
That's my replacement cost theory.
Right now you're holding
90% of your company's shares.
90...
If you put only 10% in the market
then I can take this
100 crores to 900 crores.
You'll lose some of your shares.
From 90 to only 80%
But their value will be 10 times more.
- Sir...
- We'll talk later, Behrouz.
900 crores?
Have you seen 9 crores?
Do you have any idea how
much money you're talking about?
You've seen it, haven't you?
You've an idea about it.
So, am I saying anything wrong?
How high can you take
the value of my shares?
Your shares will make history.
I can guarantee you that.
Just say yes.
Such confidence.
If the value goes up to 1000...
I'll believe you.
Can you do it in 6-months?
I don't have that much time.
And yes...
I can see another thing.
The painter's name.
Khalid Dorabji.
He's ill. Lying in a hospital in Paris.
Less chances of his survival.
So you buy the painting before I do.
Because soon they
will become invaluable.
'NCC's shares which were seeing
a daily jump in price of 50-80 rupees.'
'It been said that NCC's shares...'
'In few months,
Hemant Shah with his new and...'
Hemant took the price
of NCC's shares to 5000 rupees.
Many industrialist and businessmen
started seeing Hemant
expecting the same miracle.
What is the stock market?
You've to go see an agent for that.
You know, brokers.
Should I invest some money too?
You should.
Investing in little money is good.
You'll get results in six-months.
Unbelievable Sudeep,
at least check the spellings.
Some retired uncle will write a letter
to the editor and bother him again.
Do you want that?
Meera.
Think of the devil... Sir.
Why are we ignoring the Hemant Shah
and Stock Exchange story?
- Really?
- Really!
I need an answer.
Will you please answer me?
I am the chief editor,
I hope you know that.
- I know that.
- Yeah!
We're not ignoring it. We're infact
celebrating the stock market rally.
Come on, Meera,
I am sure something is happening there.
Wake up and smell the coffee.
Being a communist if you edit a financial
paper, you're bound to draw attention.
Something's cooking there, Meera.
Come on.
The middle-class is pocketing
some of the rich's money.
That's all that's happening.
You should be happy.
Oh! Really?
'History was created
at the Stock market today.'
'The ever increasing price of
NCC's share has reached 5000 rupees.'
'It's being said that every share
that Hemant Shah's bought'
'is seeing a steep incline.'
MD sir, your shares
have reached record price.
Now do as I say, dilute your stake.
From 55% to 30%
and earn the biggest
profit of your life.
But Hemant, the share price is going up.
Shouldn't we wait?
MD sir, I alone am
controlling this price.
Sell them now.
Yes, Hemant sir.
Shekhar,
buy all the NCC shares you can get.
Called me a broker.
How far are you planning
to take the share's price?
9000.
9000?
What happened?
The '0's don't fit
on the calculator anymore.
What the...
Do you want to marry a girl
who doesn't love you?
You don't.
Priya and I love each other.
We want to get married.
I know I took too long to tell you,
but... as the saying goes...
Better late than never.
You'll get to keep only one car key.
The other one is for
my greedy father-in-law.
'With the price of NCC
shares touching 11,000 rupees'
'Hemant Shah has started
share market's biggest... Bull run!'
Finally, after so long,
it feels like a Sunday today.
That's true.
Both of them love 'theplas' (pancakes).
You know what...
Serve these theplas
before Mahabharat starts.
Tara. Hurry up,
Mahabharat's about to begin.
Hello.
Who is this?
Hemant sir. Pandey from Delhi
from the Minister's Residence.
I apologise for disturbing
you on a Sunday.
Not at all, Mr. Pandey.
Sundays are usual for people like us.
How can I help you?
Well, our sir needs
your blessings in the market
and in-exchange I'll
give you political haven.
And what is this haven called?
Sanjeev Kohli.
Member of Parliament SP. Kohli's son.
He wants to release
IPOs of his company TelAir.
So he wants to enter
the world of Telecomm.
Hemant sir, you alone are not responsible
for the progress of this country.
Okay then,
I'll arrange for your tickets.
See you in Delhi.
Viren.
- Yes, mom.
- Is everything alright?
All good.
What happened?
What can be better than this, mom?
Exactly.
The new house. The cars parked below.
Isn't this all happening too soon?
Mom, you know brother can't tread slow.
I know.
Since he was in school.
Even in school, he...
Don't worry, mom.
It won't happen again.
I am there.
Don't worry. Just watch.
So when are you going to Delhi?
So you heard.
What happened?
We've been married for two months.
What about our honeymoon?
We're going to America next month.
Forget America,
I haven't seen Delhi yet.
You're going to Delhi
the day after tomorrow.
Take me along too.
At least show me Delhi.
Welcome, welcome, Hemant sir.
Welcome. Welcome, madam.
These guys will help you check-in.
There's a car parked
outside for your sight-seeing.
I've also assigned two bodyguards.
- Bodyguard?
- Yes, you need bodyguards.
This is Delhi,
Hemant sir, you got to flaunt it.
See you in the evening
at Sanjeev sir's party.
Be comfortable.
'There is a lot of anger
among the people of the Indian economy'
'on the new guidelines
of the parliamentary affairs committee.'
'Due to which, there has been a sharp
reaction by various economists'
'and also from the
Bombay Stock Exchange.'
'Parliamentary Affairs Committee...'
"Why ask for my heart,
take my life instead."
"Just give flight to my dreams."
"Why ask for my heart,
take my life instead."
"Just give flight to my dreams."
"Even sweet nectar doesn't taste as good
as sweet as your memories."
"Our love has scaled new heights."
"I prayed for love..."
"Prayed for your love."
"You're no longer you,
I am no longer me."
"Listen to each other's heart."
"I prayed for love..."
"Prayed for your love."
"Since the day I saw...
I feel lost myself."
"Night and day you're in my thoughts."
"But where am I?"
"Yes. Since the day I saw...
I feel lost myself."
"Night and day you're in my thoughts."
"But where am I?"
"Even sweet nectar doesn't taste as good
as sweet as your memories."
"Our love has scaled new heights."
"I prayed for love..."
"Prayed for your love."
"You're no longer you,
I am no longer me."
"Listen to each other's heart."
"I prayed for love..."
"Prayed for your love."
Others are just alive
it's these guys who are living it up.
These Delhi people...
they live life like the kings
Even if they do,
do they have to dress like one?
What you see is what sells.
And if you have it, then flaunt it.
You're equal to each one here.
And you've as much as anyone here.
Wear your jewellery to the next party.
And then watch...
We're not one of them, Hemant.
Hi, Hemant.
- I am Pranay Oberoi. Classic Motors.
- Yes.
- Big fan.
- Thank you.
- Come, join us.
- We will.
- You will. Come.
- Yeah!
Pranay Oberoi.
We may not be one of them,
but they want us to be.
Do you know why? Because they all know
I can make much more
then what their entire ancestors made.
Hemant sir...
Hemant sir, Sanjeev sir is calling you.
Yes... Come...
Just you, please.
Come...
Sanjeev sir... Mr. Hemant.
Welcome, Mr. Hemant, welcome.
Welcome to Delhi.
Firstly Mr. Hemant, congratulations.
Your working style is
as unique as it is aggressive.
Right foot first.
You've helped so many companies manage
their operations in the stock market
I would like you
to help us in a similar way.
Go ahead.
Mr. Hemant, what do you
think is the future of India?
It's the telecom industry.
If you join us and I promise
you the sky will be the limit.
You can't even begin
to imagine the growth potential.
India's top 10 industrialists...
whenever you want.
Mr. Sanjeev, even I want to
build a financially strong economy.
But for my ideas, I don't need
industrialists, but political support.
Mr. Hemant,
you just made my job a lot easier.
Dad's there.
Anyone... anytime... your call.
What do you say?
Let's cheer for that.
Scotch?
'Aren't you drinking?'
'I will'
'only when I've the best quality.'
TelAir's magic worked.
Hemant's magic worked.
Those who were in the stock market,
their pockets got a little heavier.
This month I made 300,000 rupees.
People would buy shares
when Hemant would raise his hands.
Viren, Kantilal speaking.
"The one and only Big Bull."
I've called so many times.
Let me speak with Hemant just once.
The world began to change
on Hemant's bidding.
"The one and only Big Bull."
He had started manipulating share
prices, and I started writing about him.
This man.
Do you know who he is?
He's the Amitabh Bachchan
(superstar) of the share market.
His name is Hemant Shah.
Some of my boss' friends
work in his office.
They keep giving tips.
When the boss sells, I do too.
Last week I made 7000 rupees.
What is it?
Meera Rao's fifth article about you.
She says Hemant Shah is just a bubble.
I don't know what her problem is.
Bubble.
I thought I was like an earthquake.
Disaster.
Okay, fine.
Give a front-page ad
in next week's newspaper...
The title will be Hemant Shah is a Liar.
She is calling us a liar, isn't she?
We'll answer all of her questions.
What else.
See this... he's the real big bull.
That Meera took five jabs at him
but he knocked her out
with a single punch.
Now we will have
to work with four hands.
- Get the Indian Oil file quickly.
- Right away.
Look! We have progressed.
[chanting prayers]
Everytime I say 'swaha',
you'll pour the incense in the fire
- Okay, priest.
- with these three fingers.
Okay?
[chanting prayers]
Meera Rao called again.
She's challenging you to an interview.
But I said no.
But didn't we decide
we'll do the interview?
She's trying to use
your name to gain some fame.
The entire country's
making money using my name.
If she wants to gain some fame,
then let her.
'This ancient land
of India regains its glory'
'and rightful place
in the Economy of our nation.'
'This budget represents
the contribution...'
'It's being believed
that the liberalisation policy'
'has been completely
inducted in the country.'
'And the product
which are presently accepting'
'10% rate of interest instead of 15.'
Excuse me, is Viren Shah in?
- Your name?
- What did I ask?
Is Viren Shah in the office?
Yes, sir.
Come in, everyone.
- Rashid.
- Yes, sir.
Freeze the Accounts department.
Come on, remove it.
Calm down everyone and listen carefully.
- Move.
- Pass this.
The office has been raided.
- Come on, get out.
- What is going on?
- Where is Viren?
- In the office!
No one's going to touch the computer,
file, or telephone.
- Keep it down.
- No one will ask anything.
Please bring that blue file.
Sir, we're ready for you.
Three. Two. One. Go.
Hello, and welcome.
My today's guest is the man
who's all over the media.
And he's known as The Big Bull.
Seize everything.
Copy everything. Fast!
Rashid.
Where are the records
for this entry of Indian Oil?
Where is the entry
for this 5 crore rupees?
Atul.
Nikhil, did you find anything?
Nothing.
Okay. Get aggressive.
Threaten, abuse, do whatever you can.
I need the information at any cost.
- But that's against the rules.
- Forget the rules, Nikhil.
I need information, that's it. Clear?
Right?
Mr. Hemant,
our stock market is at an all-time high
with a huge contribution from you.
But this sudden boom looks artificial.
What's your comment on it?
The shares of our big companies
are with their owner's families.
That's why they are undervalued.
If they release some of their stocks,
only then will their valuation increase.
This way, the company didn't just lower
the net worth of their companies
but also of the country.
Do you know
that the gold reserves of our country
which has a population of 60 crore
is mortgaged with the Bank of England
and Bank of Japan.
I want to ask Ms. Meera,
isn't this embarrassing?
Go handle outside. I'll handle it here.
Couldn't you inform me earlier?
We had a deal.
Who did you make this payment too?
Didn't we have a deal?
Answer me!
Who did you make this payment too?
I believe your replacement
cost theory is right
but I don't think that can bring
such a boom in the market.
Maybe it can cause something else.
Hope.
Small word,
but it's bigger than it looks.
The world clings on it.
Please, Mr. Hemant, logic...
I am coming to the logic, Ms. Meera.
You want to hear it in your words.
Let's explain it in her terms.
The new boom has ushered
in the hope of liberalisation.
Believe me,
foreign investors are going to come.
They will invest their money here.
The industry will see a great surge.
The valuation of current
will increase many folds.
You're watching
the boom of India's hope.
Mr. Hemant, let's talk about
the stock market and share prices first.
Tell me... a share that cost 20 rupees
has now reached 200 rupees.
Where did the money come from?
Did this money come
from the 'bank of hope'?
Even you know
that these prices are too inflated.
It's just money play.
Even 200 rupees is too less, Ms. Meera.
Let me ask you a question. Okay?
Ten years ago you bought
some shares for 20 rupees.
And now that value of
those shares is 200 rupees.
Will you still ask me questions or sell
those shares for 200 rupees and party?
Why has this figure been scratched here?
What's the original figure?
No matter what you say, Mr. Hemant
but I believe this steep increase
in share prices is not normal at all.
It can prove to be a disaster
for ordinary people.
Currently, you're the
biggest player in this market.
What is your advice
for ordinary investors?
Just that...
We stopped thinking big.
The British didn't just take
the Kohinoor (diamond)
but even our ideologies,
our self-confidence, everything.
I want to teach India to think big.
I want to tell our people to think big.
Don't give them dreams
that may never come true.
Look, ma'am...
He'll give us dreams
and also make them come true.
And you know, there weren't so
many opportunities until four-years-ago.
Either property or gold.
Thanks to Hemant sir we can
double our money in a couple of months.
And we also get what we want.
Like a fridge, TV, or motorbike!
And also go on holidays.
Another thing, ma'am!
Thanks to Hemant sir, even an
ordinary man can invest in the market.
And buy shares of any company.
For the first time,
even feel a part of the Indian economy.
Otherwise...
only a handful of businessmen
and a couple of brokers
used to play this game.
Look madam, I am selling my gold,
property, everything.
Only to invest in stocks.
And Hemant sir's word is the ultimate.
If he says that stock prices will go up,
means it will go up.
I saved you today,
but I can't do it everyday.
Then you keep writing
any amount of numbers on paper
but it won't help you.
Tell your brother that
he's flying too high...
And that too without a parachute.
If he tries to land,
it'll be a crash-landing
straight into jail. Understand.
You see, madam,
earlier businessmen like me
would keep 75-90% shares
in their name or their family.
We had to take a loan from
the bank to expand our business.
Thanks to Hemant sir,
we didn't just learn to make profit
but also on how to increase
the value of our shares by selling them.
Now we feel we've got our India back.
Hemant! Hemant!
Hemant! Hemant! Hemant!
Big Bull! Big Bull! Big Bull!
'Are you ashamed?'
'You've humiliated all of us.'
'Otherwise,
God knows what else he would've done.'
'Please...'
- 'Get out now.
- No, no...'
'He made a mistake.
He won't do it again.'
- 'Please, papa...
-Tell him. Tell him.'
'You're going to sleep outside tonight.'
- No one's going to feed him.
- No.
Hemant, please... don't hit him.
- What happened?
- Hemant sir, any tip?
Do you have a car?
Car? You must be joking, sir?
Do you want one?
Before you buy a car, buy a tyre.
And only of KVG.
What?
This IT raid was just a warning.
I had a personal chat with the officer.
We should slow down now.
I can't tread slow, Viren.
If the government and
system want to catch me
then they will have
to increase their speed.
Where will you take Mile High?
It's enough.
If this continues I am telling you,
I'll resign.
We already have so much.
You're issuing cheques
worth crores of rupees.
I don't know what
banks we're dealing with.
What companies are we dealing with?
Maybe you don't know either.
The banks don't know
where their money is going.
They are all happy. Everyone thinks
they are making a lot of money.
This is not normal. I am scared.
I want a normal life, brother.
We have a family.
We'll have kids tomorrow.
Why don't you understand?
Last time when you did
something like this
you had to sleep on your footwear.
Remember?
That won't happen again. Don't worry.
Because I have
the ace of cards up my sleeve.
Who? The CM?
Bigger than him.
Finance Secretary?
Finance Minister?
Not the king of cards...
I said ace.
I'll be right back.
Take.
Take...
There's no need for this.
You've been handing out
a lot by yourself these days.
You see, where did the Robin hood
inside me have woken?
In the stock market.
Whatever that's inside you...
will one day send you to jail.
I see...
did you bring in some new law?
I haven't... the law already exists.
And nothing will help you.
I've already given you this advice once.
I won't give again.
A man who makes money
from others' failures
I don't need his advice.
What did you say?
Doesn't matter how many times you
come to pray to this temple, Malpani
that won't change the fact
that you make money
when the share market slumps.
The man who prays
the down fall of the share market.
That's you.
Your success lies in others' failure.
But...
Today when the market's going up,
only one man is losing.
Even I can make small talk.
And since I'm from the market
I know this language which
you'll understand better.
But since we're in a temple,
I'll give you one piece of advice.
When a man goes up, up and up...
he comes down, down and down.
And falls flat in the end.
Remember that.
I know how to fly...
Learn to look up.
Let's go, we'll finish this tomorrow.
Give me 10 more minutes,
then we'll leave.
What isn't tallying?
Something's odd.
We've Bank Receipts,
but I don't see the money in the books.
Is that all?
Forget it. We'll tally it tomorrow.
How does it matter?
565 crores are missing.
Are you joking?
- Check it yourself.
- There might be some mistake.
What's this, Meera?
- What is what?
- Seriously.
Now you're implying that Hemant
has links with the underworld.
I am just questioning
where he's getting funds from.
Somebody has to be funding him.
The underworld is already funding films.
They can fund Hemant too.
They can.
Come here. Come, come.
You see the construction cranes?
I spent my entire life in this city.
And I'll be honest with you.
I've never seen this city
change so drastically.
It's like... India is reborn.
If Hemant is wrong,
then all this is wrong.
Hemant is definitely wrong
but you decide about the rest.
Cheers!
Please come, sir.
Wow! She's more beautiful
than she looks in films.
- Isn't she?
- Yes.
And that Vikram.
We Gujaratis are on a roll.
By the way,
Hemant, do you have any regrets
about marrying an ordinary girl
even though you're so rich.
I hadn't thought about it yet
but now when I look at them
I think I should've thought about it.
Hemant!
By the way, Bombay is now
entirely controlled by Gujarat.
They can buy one half,
and we can buy the other.
Oh yes, last week my
friend Anjali was telling me
that Solanki will be
the first billionaire of India.
- Really?
- Why didn't you interrupt Anjali?
About what?
The billionaire part.
But she is right.
What did she say wrong?
You should know the truth.
I'll be India's first billionaire.
Me.
Not him or anyone else.
Sir! Mr. Venkateshwar
has called for you.
- Mr. Venkateshwar?
- Yes, sir.
- Are you sure?
Mr. Viren, it's a catastrophe.
The bank found out
that the money is missing.
Please tell Hemant to return
all the money right now.
How much money is missing?
565 crores.
Please, Viren. Tell him immediately,
otherwise...I'll be ruined.
Please.
Please, for God's sake.
Good to see you.
Your face is everywhere.
Dad was just praising you yesterday.
Wow... great ride.
You like it?
Keep it.
I'll buy two more.
Tell papa, I said hi.
Hey... where did you find this?
It was stuck under the xerox machine.
Well done, Amit.
Hemant Shah receives
his first BR on Monday
which he
doesn't dispatch to any other bank until
the second week's Thursday or Friday.
And we get to see this
pattern in every transaction.
Hey!
It was all much ado about nothing.
Rascal...
We thought this money's
coming from the Middle-East
the Underworld, Politicians, but...
This turned out to be
money from our banks.
I know how to clip wings.
Get used to falling, Hemant Shah.
'Don't travel near the door.
And don't try to...'
Hi, I am Ashima.
Aren't you Meera Rao, the journalist?
Yes.
By the way,
what school did you do journalism from?
Are you interviewing a journalist?
- Are you interested in journalism?
- Yes, a little.
I wanted to ask
why you chose financial people?
I just had an interest.
That's my station.
- Bye. Nice to meet you.
Take.
'And finally,
I received a big tip in this case.'
'NBI,
from where a lot of money was missing.'
'It's manager Venkateshwar
is the key to Hemant's vault.'
Meera, speaking.
Call Sudeep from room no. 20, please.
Hurry up.
From now on, you'll stand downstairs.
And tell me when
Venkateshwar arrives. Okay?
Ma'am. Ma'am.
Mr. Raman. Senior manager.
- Your name?
- Meera Rao, India Times.
Please, wait.
The money will come back.
We got 135 crores back.
The rest will come too.
But, sir...
Yes.
Hello, sir, Meera Rao here to see you.
She wants to talk to you.
Send her in after two minutes.
You must wait for two minutes ma'am.
His office is on the first floor,
isn't it?
- Yes.
- Thank you.
Wait a minute.
Go now. I've an important meeting.
Hello.
- Sir.
- Checkout of the hotel.
Stay hidden in your hometown
for two weeks.
- Don't answer anyone's calls.
- I'll leave tonight, sir.
I'll come straight to the point.
I know about the missing money.
565 crores.
And I'm doing a story on it.
I need your statement.
Tea or coffee, Meera?
Let's just get to the point.
Someone gave you wrong information.
There is no money missing.
Look Meera
banks invest around 60 billion
within themselves.
And reconciliation takes time.
There's nothing wrong.
- Sir is not taking it seriously.
- I also feel the same.
'I was on the right track.
The money was actually money.'
'I just had to crack Venkateshwar.'
Hello, ma'am.
- Yes?
- Mr. Venkateshwar, my name is Rama Mir.
- Madam...
- I am the bank's lawyer.
The news has reached the media,
so the bank's sent me to you.
But, ma'am...
Don't worry,
I won't tell anyone anything.
A doctor never tells
anyone about his patients
nor does a lawyer about his clients.
Attorney-client privilege.
It's okay, you can trust me.
Okay.
I'll tell you.
Hemant is a very smart man, madam.
He took advantage of
the banking system's weakness.
This is Bank A, Bank B, Bank C
and Bank D.
Bank A gives a loan
to Bank B for two weeks.
But through broker Hemant.
Two weeks later when
it's time to return the loan
then Hemant takes a loan from Bank C
and gives to Bank B
then gives Bank C's loan from Bank D.
And gives Bank D's loan from Bank B.
And then from this bank and so on.
Then he's just rotating
the bank's money.
What's the issue?
He's not just rotating the money.
He's investing all
the money in stock markets.
The share prices are increasing
and he's enjoying all the profit.
Keeping the bank's money
for two week's is not a big deal.
But investing that money in
the stock market is absolutely illegal.
There are numerous banks,
countless cash.
Reconciliation takes a lot of time,
and Hemant knew that.
And he's making a fortune
by taking advantage of this.
It all started with a few millions.
But his greediness grew many folds
and he has to return
565 crores to the bank.
Wait a second. Wait a second.
The cheques that you give to the broker
I mean, where are the agreements?
Oh, God!
It's entirely
the banking system's mistake.
Absolutely.
Hemant's name is on the cheques.
The banking system doesn't
have a specific law.
Hemant knew about this grey area
and Hemant's making a fortune
taking advantage of it.
Imagine that the banking system
itself gifted this scam
to Hemant on a plate.
And it did not stop here,
the worst part was...
He started issuing fake BRs.
There's real BR's and fake BR's
circulated in the market.
It's circulated.
And we're unable to check, find
out the original from the fake ones.
How much has Hemant returned
from the 565 crores?
135 crores.
And where did Hemant
get this 135 crores?
Central Housing Bank. CHB.
So that's where he got 135 crores.
But how did Hemant get access to CHB?
It's the country's treasury!
Have a biscuit?
I wish they were made of gold instead.
- Sir!
- Meet, Mr. Manu Maalpani.
Meera Rao.
Hello.
- Hello.
- Meera, sit.
I am alright, sir.
I've some shocking news for you.
It seems like Mr. Hemant Shah
was investing the bank's
money in the stock market all along.
I know, sir.
I also know that 565 crores
is missing from NBI.
- Oh, really?
-Yeah.
When did you find that out?
It's a good thing though
that you found out on your own.
If you had this information, then
why come here instead of the Police?
Because Meera,
this case doesn't belong to the Police.
It belongs to the CBI.
And the CBI will investigate
when you print it.
Or you got this information
through some illegal channel
and you can't go to the Police.
Meera, the source of
information doesn't matter.
Our job is to investigate and report it.
Exactly, sir, if this information
leaks out without thorough investigation
then the markets will crash.
And we all know
who will benefit from that.
Sorry.
[Indistinct catter continue]
What happened, brother?
Something's not right.
You know what
invite the entire
top management over for dinner.
Why? What happened?
You said you've an ace up your sleeve.
Just do as I said.
Invite everyone to dinner.
Sir, why are you seeing in the pool?
Are you looking for hidden treasure?
What an amazing pool?
I want to take a plunge
right now...with my clothes on.
Come on, I'll give you a hand.
I'll invite you to lunch someday,
and you can swim all you want.
- Finish your drink for now.
- Great. You're the best boss ever.
Thank you so much, sir.
- Guys, it's the boss.
- You're absolutely right.
Why wait for tomorrow
when you can do it today?
Come on.
Take your clothes off.
- Sir...
- You're really funny, sir.
- You're really funny.
Why are you all laughing
when I didn't crack a joke?
Take your clothes off
and get in the pool.
Now.
What are you doing?
One of them is recording
our secrets and leaking them.
So let's find out...
Who's wearing a mic.
Take your clothes off.
Now!
Ma'am, NBI has issued a denial.
-What?
- They claim there's no scam.
Sir...
Sir, please sir...
Hear-hear...
There is no news here
or anything out of place.
No need to panic.
As the bank said,
it's just a reconciliation problem.
Everything will be
settled in a few days.
- Mr. Shah...
- Sir, sir...
Will it be just this bank
or should we prepare for a
press conference outside all the banks?
I am sure all the banks
have asked you for the accounts.
Sir, sir...
Ms. Meera... Hemant Shah.
I wanted to meet you.
What for?
Whoever meets me is always in profit.
Note down the address.
Swarna Bungalow, Madh Marve Road.
Madh Island? Why so far?
What are you saying, Ms. Meera?
Your journalist friends go all the way
to Switzerland, Sweden, for a story.
I am only calling you to Madh Island.
Come over.
There's a car waiting for you outside.
Welcome, Ms. Meera, welcome.
Welcome to my weekend home.
Come in. Come in.
Do you have any interest in sports
or do you only like
the game of toppling people?
Why did you call me here?
To celebrate.
Cheers!
You exposed the century's biggest scam.
Aren't you scared of the consequences
when this scam gets exposed?
You see, Ms. Meera
sometimes the newspapers
print the facts.
Look. Look here.
Just today,
your newspaper printed an opinion poll.
64% of people are in my favour.
64...
Making money is an art, not a scam.
That's all I did.
I'll ask one last time.
Why did you call me here?
Who is your informer?
Who is the traitor, Ms. Meera?
And don't take Venkateshwar's name.
I want the name
that led you to Venkateshwar.
Name.
You know, for a while even
I was a part of those 64% people.
But then I found out the truth.
Fake BR's.
So stop thinking about the traitor
and find a good lawyer.
Because they are coming for you.
Excuse me.
'Cosmo Service Bank, BNZ Bank'
'Bank of City, Urban Seva and
many other banks have also found out'
'the Hemant Shah owes
them a lot of money.'
Hello!
Hemant bhai!
Yes, Hemant bhai.
How can I let you speak with them,
Hemant bhai?
Sir is not around.
In fact, he isn't even in India.
He's not Hemant sir.
Okay, fine.
I'll call you as soon as he returns.
- 'NBI Bank and Bank of Satara'
- Open the door.
- 'has been hugely affected by the
Hemant Shah scam' - Hari, open the door.
'that they have run out of cash'
'and both banks
are on the verge of closing down.'
Mr. Hari, open the door. Can't you hear?
- 'There was an uproar at the Parliament
regarding the scam.' - Hey you, wait...
'The opposition leader has said'
'that the Finance Minister
should tender his resignation.'
'The matter will be investigated
by JPC formed by the government.'
Hey, come on...
Come out. Come on...
Come on, bring him down. Bring him down.
Hemant sir's call...
Yes, Hemant bhai.
Pandey,
how many times do I have to call?
Last time you said
Sanjeev's gone abroad.
Now he's not even attending my calls.
What's going on?
Why isn't he answering my calls?
He isn't even attending my calls.
The situation is pretty tense.
I think he's very busy.
I'll tell him to call
you back as soon as he returns.
God, make my day.
Please sir, let us go...
Sir, sir...
- Get back. Come on.
- Sir, I...
We will require 1 more box.
Borkar.
Mr. Hemant, you must come with us.
Mom, I'll have to go with them.
My only mistake was that
I became too rich too soon.
Don't worry,
I'll come back to you in a week.
Okay.
Be careful!
Come back, Hemant.
This isn't your punishment alone.
Until you don't come back, this
house will feel nothing short of jail.
Come, sir.
Sir, sir...
- Sir, sir...
- Move, move...
[Indistinct chatter continue]
'The Big Bull Hemant Shah
and his brother Viren'
'were arrested by a CBI team today.'
'According to sources Hemant Shah'
'is the mastermind
behind the 5000 crore rupees scam.'
We're standing outside
the Bombay High Court
the accused
of the country's biggest scam
stock market's big bull
Hemant Shah has been sentenced
to 14-days Police custody.
'The premiere investigatory
agency has determined'
'that Mr. Shah is responsible
for a 5000 crore rupees scam.'
Where is all this goverment's
money which you have misused?
You don't have any option, Mr. Hemant.
Please, tell us the truth.
Tell us, everything.
'Who else is involved
in this scam except you?'
'Staying silent won't help.'
'What connection do you have
with Mr. Venkateshwar?'
'What deal happened
between you two?'
This case has shaken
the country's entire banking system.
'Many bankers have been arrested.'
'And they have all been
sent like Hemant Shah...'
'111 days...'
'He's bail has been approved.'
'He's been given bail,
but the case isn't over yet.'
'The investigation
is still being conducted.'
You just got home.
Where are you going now?
Take some rest.
I've rested enough for 111 days.
If I don't take any definitive step
then these people will bury me alive.
The worst is behind us. I promise you.
Hemant!
This confidence is
what attracted me to you.
But you must stop now, slow down
admit your mistake.
And together
we'll deal with the consequences.
Why should I admit anything
when I made no mistake?
80% of our banking system is illegal.
They are just making me a scapegoat.
Brother is here.
Welcome. Welcome back, Hemant.
Don't worry,
complete strategy is set for the next.
- Viren.
- Yes, brother.
Take all the case papers back from him.
What?
What did you say?
I'll stay only a week in jail?
Come.
Hari's gone in hiding.
There's no clue of him.
Even his wife and kids are missing.
I've learned through a source that
the FM Minister is ready to make a deal.
After keeping me in jail for 111 days,
I know how their deal's going to be.
They thought that Hemant Shah is broken.
Now he can easily bow.
We still have our ace of cards to throw.
Using my name to make money
is acceptable to them.
But not the bad reputation
that comes with it.
This time the deal will be equal.
Equal?
But, where are we going?
Remember what I said to you.
If you want to take a risk,
then take a big one.
If this is the biggest scam till date
then we need the biggest lawyer too.
Ashok Mirchandani.
Mr. Hemant, you made one mistake.
Anything is possible in this country.
Use fake promotors.
Bribe the Police.
Threaten the Media,
corrupt the Judges. Anything.
Just one golden rule.
Never get caught.
And you, Mr. Hemant got caught.
Now your best option, in this case,
is what Viren is suggesting.
Make a deal with the government.
I will make sure that the
CBI drops most of the charges.
You'll get a little jail time.
- Viren.
- Yes, brother.
Call that Nair up.
Tell him,
we're giving back this case to him.
I think we made a mistake coming
to Ashok Mirchandani and Associates.
I thought I had
the biggest ego in this room.
Mr. Ashok, you should know
that I made a record while in jail.
Within 111 days
70 different people inquired me.
Seventy...
But they found nothing.
You made your name by
defending people like Mastaan.
I didn't commit any murder
but these people want
to make me the scapegoat
in this 5000 crore scam.
Whoever bails me out of this case
will go down in the history of Law.
I heard there's a similarity
between you and me.
Whenever we drink
we drink only the best. Or we don't.
So logically seeing... we only took
advantage of the system's loopholes.
I have all this information.
There's one thing which
is confusing me and the CBI.
On 2nd November 1992,
you withdrew 52 lakh rupees.
52 lakh rupees.
Why did you need so much money suddenly?
Look Hemant, if you really
want me to go down in history
then there can be no secrets
between you and me.
- Viren.
- Yes, brother.
Remember I told you
I've an ace up my sleeve.
- Yes.
- Wait a second.
Ace...
Are you camera friendly?
What you just told me
should be recorded on camera
and played on the television.
There won't be anything
more sensational than this.
I've a better idea.
Call reporters and journalists
from every corner of the world.
BBC, CNN, Times, News Week.
Let's do a press conference at the Taj.
Live.
We must shut Hemant up at any cost.
Otherwise,
our jobs, life, will be all over.
These are the Exact words from the top.
We've only one option then.
Let's make a settlement
with Mirchandani.
Because Hemant will never agree.
Good idea, let's go.
Mr. Mirchandani.
Dheeraj, CBI.
Don't waste my time.
I can't help you.
Really? What is this?
Is this a school?
Am I some kid who'll be scared of you?
Listen, Mr. Mirchandani.
No one's trying to scare you,
Mr. Mirchandani.
We just came here with a request.
Tell Hemant to stop this charade
while there's still time.
A compromise is still possible.
Even the Kohlis want this.
Then tell them to give
a direct offer Hemant.
He takes his own decision.
Bravo, Mr. Ashok.
Spoken like a politician.
- Excuse me.
- Yes, we know.
We know you're going to join
the opposition in a few months.
And this charade is
just an entry fee for them.
Am I right?
They only wanted you to bow.
But you're prepared
to prostrate before them.
Excuse me.
Ashok Mirchandani doesn't bow
or prostrate in front of anyone.
But you did the right thing
by giving me the key.
Because now I'll take your boss
to the cleaners in the conference room.
Thank you for that.
Please. Excuse me.
Sir, call for you.
Took you soon enough, Mr. Sanjeev.
Hemant, what do you think you're doing?
Have you lost your mind?
You left me with no option.
I kept a lot of patience for 15-months.
Look Hemant,
you can't defeat these people.
If you go ahead with this,
then all the doors will close on you.
You don't know these people.
They don't spare their kin, and you...
Just remember,
anything can happen at any time
and you won't know what hit you.
Understood?
They were never open for me anyway.
Your biggest mistake...
You thought
that barking dogs seldom bite.
But Hemant Shah's bite
is worse than his bark.
Yeah, yeah, I get that.
Listen, it's not too late.
Their people are already there.
Give me some time.
I'll fix something, okay?
You have three minutes.
Mr. Hemant...
Sir, sir...
Sir, one qestion...
Settle down. Settle down. Just a minute.
Listen. Everyone, listen.
Listen. Sit down, please.
First, I'll read Hemant's detailed
admission and then give my statement.
And only after that
will you ask questions.
Please settle down.
On November 1st 1991
Mr. Sanjeev Kohli called Mr. Hemant
and asked if he can arrange
for 1 crore rupees in two days.
His exact words were
"This is a lifetime investment
opportunity for you".
Mr. Hemant started
arranging for the money.
On 2nd November 1992,
he withdrew 30 lakh rupees
from the National Bank of India
in 100 and 50 denominations.
Then he withdrew ten lakh from
Forlay's Bank in 50s denominations.
The proofs are these
withdrawal slips. Please.
Look here.
Then Mr. Hemant Shah's company president
Mr. Srikant arranged for 12 lakh rupees.
And Mr. Hemant Shah
personally had 15 lakh.
Total 67 lakh rupees.
Mr. Hemant Shah
informed Mr. Sanjeev Kohli
that's all he could arrange for.
Mr. Sanjeev said
that he'll give the rest
and you can return them later.
He called Mr. Hemant to Delhi
on 3rd November.
Mr. Hemant Shah and Mr. Srikant Kumar
put the money in two big bags
and reached Delhi in the evening
with an Indian Airlines flight
and checked-in
the New Holiday Inn hotel.
Here's the proof. Please.
There.
Next morning Mr. Sanjeev
sent a Contessa car.
Mr. Hemant and Mr. Srikant
got in the car with the suitcases.
But shifted
to Mr. Sanjeev's Honda Accord
before reaching the destination
and put Mr. Sanjeev's
33 lakh in their suitcases.
Now they had exactly 1crore rupees.
Then they headed for the destination.
The destination was...
7 Race Course Road
and the investment opportunity
was The Prime Minister of India.
That's right.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Listen to me.
I said you all...
Normally...
Normally whenever there's a scam
we don't address
it by the person's name.
We call it the Cement Scam, Coal Scam,
that's how we call them.
If you want to give this scam a name,
then let me tell you
this is not the Hemant Shah scam.
It's the Prime Minister Scam.
- SIr...
- Tell me something...
Tell me, something...
He knew what Hemant was doing,
and yet he kept quiet.
He didn't do anything. Why?
What's the meaning of this?
It's all too clear.
He kept quiet because
even he is a part of this scam.
That is all. Thank you.
- But sir, such a huge allegation.
- Sir...
What is the source behind it?
This is just an allegation, and I can
refute this allegation in a minute.
I see.
How?
Because Mr. Hemant, you said
that the money which was withdrawn
was mostly 50s and 100s denomination.
And how can you fit
1 crore rupees in two suitcases?
- Tell me.
- Tell me, sir.
- Tell me, Mr. Hemant.
Tell me.
Tell me, sir.
Do you want to check?
Check if it's 1 crore or not.
I can count it for you if you want.
Do you see it now?
Are you happy?
Can I speak now?
You say that I did
a scam of 5000 crores.
First of all.
What scam?
Whose money did I take?
Yours, your... or your money.
Do you even know what a scam is?
I gave a tip to a lift
man to buy shares of tyres.
Today he owns a car.
One day I bought peanuts at the signal.
Next day the rates of peanuts went up.
Is that a scam as well?
Yes.
I made a fortune in the stock market.
Did I do anything wrong?
Is it wrong to make money?
Not just you
but the entire country
made money because of me.
But you won't accept this fact today.
20-years-later you'll realise
what I did for you and the country.
I am not the problem, ma'am
the problem is our political system.
Our politicians do scams.
They don't want to see
anyone else getting rich.
Today they are forming
new laws to trap me
because they know
I haven't broken any law.
They are experts
in making false promises.
They are the ones who bury your dreams.
I taught middle-class India to dream.
I am a broker of those dreams
and not the stock market.
5000 crore, I'll tell you.
If I had it,
I would've given it all back.
Do you know why?
Because I am and will
always be the only Big Bull!
You can write whatever you like.
Hemant sir, please one more question.
Sir, please one more question.
- Sir, one more question.
- Thank you for coming.
Sir, sir...
'The Prime Minister
is yet to comment...'
'Blame is on Prime Minister.'
'Bribe amount is Rs. 1 crore.'
'There has been
a huge drop in the market.'
'People suffered a huge loss.'
'The Prime Minister has denied
Hemant Shah's accusation.'
- Hemant Shah!
- Down. Down.
Until that doesn't happen,
the PM should resign.
Not at all. Hemant Shah is lying.
He just wants to escape going
to jail for 5000 crore scam that he did.
Wait a second.
You can never prove your case to JPC.
They are miles ahead, and...
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Is this why
you called me here at this hour?
What you saw the other day
was just part of the evidence.
We have much more.
You're not listening, Viren.
Your claims don't match
with the Police records.
According to the PM's itinerary
he wasn't at his residence
on that day and time.
There is no record in the visitor's
logbook of your brother's visit.
Your plane tickets, hotel stay
the entire money trail
will be proven bogus.
You know, what all this will mean.
It means that it's your word
against the Prime Minister.
And who will the people believe?
The Prime Minister or two scamsters?
I told you before the press conference,
don't do it.
But no.
Your brother had to satisfy his ego.
But now you must
convince him to step back.
I don't know how you can do it, but...
Convince him.
Convince him to step back. Me?
And who is responsible for all of this?
Hemant Shah
is the richest man in the country.
The highest taxpayer.
They will arrest you
under the narcotic's case, Viren.
What?
When or how don't even ask.
But they will do it.
Trust me, my sources are never wrong.
And you know it.
But we've no connection with narcotics.
What are you saying, Meera?
You should know how powerful
people in our country
manipulate the system
for their own advantage.
You're out on bail now.
But there's no bail
in the narcotic's case.
If you keep up this charade, then
I guarantee you that you'll go to jail.
And for a long time.
By the way, our scores are not settled.
- Is brother still awake?
- Yes, he's inside.
Listen,
JPC doesn't believe our evidence.
Forget JPC. They are going
to arrest us for narcotics.
Narcotics?
The news is confirmed.
What are you saying?
I don't want to go to jail again,
for narcotics or the stock market.
Please handle this.
I won't go to jail again.
What's wrong?
You promised you'll handle everything.
I don't want to go to jail.
I wanted a normal life
as we had in Kalbadevi.
We used to be small time brokers
and a small office. Do you remember?
We were so happy with little money.
I warned you to tread slowly,
tread slowly.
Don't fly too high, don't...
First,
you said you're doing itfor Priya.
Then you said you're
doing it for the company.
doing it for the family.
Then you said you're
doing it for the country!
You were actually doing it for yourself!
Why didn't you listen to me?
I told you that Meera
let go off with a warning
but she wrote an entire article.
What did you say?
Meera, what?
You?
A small leak sinks a great ship.
But I don't want to sink the ship.
I want to curb his limits from growing.
I want to tell you the truth.
I sent that girl on the train.
But then I realised maybe Venkateshwar
won't tell you the entire truth.
That's why I am here.
No one can stop my brother.
He's reached the country's treasury.
He wants to be a billionaire
as soon as he can.
And he can do anything for it.
Doesn't make a difference to anyone.
No one can see what he's doing.
Maybe no one wants to see because their
pockets are filled, except for you.
You're the only person
who is not on his payroll.
That's why I came to you.
I had no intention
of sending you to jail.
I only wanted to slow you down a little.
You were issuing cheques
worth 5-6 billion.
I thought
that you're not breaking any law.
Maybe you'll be fined,
or be suspended for a couple of months.
I didn't know it will come to this.
I ruined everything.
You'll be fine.
I'll fix everything.
I won't let anything happen to you.
You don't look surprised.
You don't look worried.
What's the point of
looking worried anymore?
Ms. Meera, you've done many
breaking stories on me and earned fame.
But we had a partnership, didn't we?
Your source was from my own family,
my own brother.
I settled that account with Viren.
I gave him information
in exchange for information.
Then those books are closed.
Let's open new ones.
Which ones?
I want you to write my story.
But not small articles
like you did earlier.
This time I want you
to write an entire book.
Because Ms. Meera
nothing happens
because of one man alone.
Stories are born out of circumstances
and not character.
If we had better laws,
and a better system
then I would've
never taken advantage of it.
That's not true.
If given a chance again
you'll find new loopholes
and take advantage, Hemant.
No.
Not today.
Because India doesn't need it anymore.
If you take me back to 1988 again,
then definitely.
I'll do it all over again.
And why do you think I'll write
a book on a selfish man like you?
Selfish?
Ms. Meera,
let me tell you another story.
One day I went to Apollo Bunder instead
of Worli Seaface for my morning walk.
Just like that.
Do you know what happened the next day?
The share prices of Apollo tyre went up.
I've made many such good mistakes,
Ms. Meera.
And the common man
made a little fortune.
Some other accidental tip.
So, I can invest my money as well.
No tips for free.
For that you need money.
Write this book, Ms. Meera
it will be a best-seller.
That's Hemant's Shah's prediction.
And it's never wrong.
'Hemant couldn't prove
his allegations to the JPC.'
'PM gets a clean chit.'
'Hemant Shah has quit the stock market
and assured he'll never return.
'He's taken
full responsibility of the scam'
'and Viren Shah has been acquitted.'
'Around 27 cases are pending
against Hemant Shah.'
Five years.
1825 days without me.
You're going to have a ball.
Why do you feel that way?
My feelings don't count anymore.
I never felt that Viren
will make such a mistake.
And I never felt that...
Hari will betray me
and become an approver.
I don't know what Viren
and Hari did was right or wrong.
I don't know what the government
did was right or wrong.
But I do know
that what you said to me
in Hanging Garden, you did it.
Today there are many buildings in Mumbai
have scaled heights because of you.
You gave new hope to the people,
to see a new world.
And they will never come out of it.
Forget about the people
you just wanted a husband
who owned an apartment, a car
and a stable job. And look at this now.
Hemant...
Most of the people in this world
have their destiny written.
But only few write their own destiny.
You're one of them.
You can fulfill those dreams
when you come back.
Let's go, sir.
Next day I heard that
he died of a heart attack.
Was it a conspiracy?
Was it political motivated conspiracy
by some people to hide something?
Was it the biggest cover-up
of this country?
Maybe yes, maybe not.
The truth is Hemant Shah's
life was a big controversy.
But 2020...
This world is very different.
Our country is in the hands
of professional MBAs like you.
And it's more for relief
if I'm being honest.
But before I go, I want to say
that it wasn't always like this.
30-years-ago, our country
was on the verge of bankruptcy.
And 25-years-ago Hemant Shah
reminded me of this in an auditorium.
I know you believe
he's a scamster. But...
He wasn't a scamster on that day.
He was the hero for the people.
For the people sitting there,
and those waiting outside for him.
Excuse me, ma'am.
What about you?
Was he a hero for you too?
Even 5-years after independence,
development was nil.
That was a crime.
What Hemant Shah did was also a crime.
And as strange as it may sound,
maybe we needed a crime like this.
To emerge from that crime.
And Hemant was the perfect candidate.
If he was a little less egoistic
if he knew how to tread slow
then he could've survived
for a longer time.
But he was a dreamer.
So it's important to tell his story,
which I did today.
The face which lit up on the screen
whether it belongs
to a hero or a villain
you can make your assumptions
by reading my book.
But there are no two opinions
about one thing...
He was and always will be...
the only Big Bull.
"My beloved's like a prayer of hope,
maybe that's how God is..."
"You're like drops of water,
giving me fresh breath of air..."
"My beloved's like a prayer of hope,
maybe that's how God is..."
"You're like drops of water,
giving me fresh breath of air..."
"On the verge of love my heart believes,
this is a relation of generations..."
"In a city of turmoil..."
"You're the one I believe in..."
"With you life feels worth living..."
"Without you there's no living..."
"My beloved's like a prayer of hope,
maybe that's how God is..."
"You're like drops of water,
giving me fresh breath of air..."